Kyle
1. Band of Horses - formed in 2004 in Seattle by Ben Bridwell. The band has released five studio albums, including 2010's Grammy-nominated Infinite Arms.
2. NxWorries - Knxwledge's and Anderson Paak's debut under the name NxWorries, "Suede", was released as the lead single of their EP, Link Up & Suede. The song premiered on February 10, 2015, on Stones Throw Records' SoundCloud page.
3.  Team Dynamite - 2009
4.  Foals - Foals are an English rock band from Oxford, formed in 2005. The band's current line-up consists of lead vocalist and lead guitarist Yannis Philippakis, drummer and percussionist Jack Bevan, rhythm guitarist Jimmy Smith and keyboardist Edwin Congreave.

Tati
1. Red Hot chilli peppers - Red Hot Chili Peppers (commonly abbreviated as RHCP) are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1983. Their music incorporates elements of alternative rock, funk, punk rock and psychedelic rock. The band consists of vocalist Anthony Kiedis, guitarist John Frusciante, bassist Flea, and drummer Chad Smith
2. ACDC - AC/DC (stylized as ACϟDC) are an Australian rock band formed in Sydney in 1973 by Scottish-born brothers Malcolm and Angus Young. Although their music has been variously described as hard rock, blues rock, and heavy metal, the band themselves call it simply "rock and roll".
3. Blink 182  - Blink-182 (sometimes written as Blink 182; often stylized in all lowercase as blink-182) is an American rock band formed in Poway, California in 1992. Since 2015, the lineup of the band has consisted of bass guitarist and vocalist Mark Hoppus, drummer Travis Barker, and guitarist and vocalist Matt Skiba.
4. guns and roses - Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985. When they signed to Geffen Records in 1986, the band comprised vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler.

Raf
1. u2 - U2 are an Irish rock band from Dublin, formed in 1976. The group consists of Bono (lead vocals and rhythm guitar), the Edge (lead guitar, keyboards, and backing vocals), Adam Clayton (bass guitar), and Larry Mullen Jr. (drums and percussion).
2. coldplay - Coldplay are a British rock band that were formed in London in 1996.
3. oasis, - Oasis were an English rock band formed in Manchester in 1991. Developed from an earlier group, the Rain, the band originally consisted of Liam Gallagher, Paul Arthurs, Paul McGuigan, and Tony McCarroll.
4. Pink Floyd - Pink Floyd were an English rock band formed in London in 1965. Gaining a following as a psychedelic pop group, they were distinguished for their extended compositions, sonic experimentation, philosophical lyrics and elaborate live shows, and became a leading band of the progressive rock genre.
